---
title: Prepare SD Image
section: 002
section_title: Software Configuration
---


#### **Prepare SD Card System OS Image**
   * We provide a SD card image of debian jessie with fully preemptive real-time Linux kernel.
   The image is also additionally configured for usage in drone applications.
   If you’d like to only use APM autopilot , please refer to [here](https://github.com/bithollow/bitburger/tree/master/sdimages/rpi2) for simple SD image.
   Otherwise, if you `d like to do some development, please refer to [here](https://github.com/bithollow/bitburger/tree/master/sdimages/rpi2) for imag, which has pre-installed APM source code and some tools.

##### **<1> Write image to SD card**

###### **On Windows:**

   * Extract an image (using 7-Zip or other unpacker).
   * Download and extract [Win32DiskImager](http://sourceforge.net/projects/win32diskimager/) utility
   * Run Win32DiskImager utility with administrator rights.
   * Select the extracted image file and sd card drive letter.
   * Click “Write”. The process may take a few minutes.

###### **On Linux:**

   * Please refer [here](https://github.com/bithollow/bithollow.github.io/wiki/create-sd-card-for-debian)

##### **<2> Configuring WiFi access**
   BH debian jessie rootfs supports wifi module with rtl8188eu chipset. So far we had only tested TP-Link W725N USB WiFi dongle. The WiFi dongle is configed in SoftAP mode by default. To connect your PC on SmartPhone to Bh board, you just do
   * Plugin in WiFi dongle into raspberry pi 2 board
   * Power on raspberry board
   * Turn on your PC wifi and search AP SSID "bithollow" and enter password "bithollow"
   * Now you can launch APM planner/Mission Planner on your PC on Tower on your SmartPhone to check BH board status.

   If you'd like to connect your raspberry pi 2 board(with WiFi dongle) to your home wireless network, you just do
   * On your PC or SmartPhonem, open a web browser page
   * Access to 192.168.43.1 in the web browser
   * Enter your home AP SSID and password and click "Apply" button
   * Use a short jumper to shortcut GPIO24 pin and it's neighbour 3.3v pin
   * Wait for 5s and you will see the WiFi dongle works from SoftAP mode to Station Mode, if it doesn't work, try to reboot your boards.

  BH debian jessie rootfs also installed with avahi-daemon, which allow your to easy access to your raspberry pi 2 board with hostname "bithollow.local" from your PC or SmartPhone.If you access from Window, you need to install Apple's Bonjour service ahead. If from linux, you need to "apt-get install avahi-daemon". No software pre-install is required for Mac.

##### **<3> Configuring Ethernet access**
   Ethernet is configed in "Manual" mode by default(To reduce debian bootup time). If you'd like to access your raspberry pi 2 board, you have to set Ethernet to "DHCP" mode in /home/bit/bh_daemon/config/interfaces.softap or /home/bit/bh_daemon/config/interfaces.station according to your WiFi dongle working mode(SoftAP or Station?). Then reboot your raspberrry board. From this onward, the ethernet interface eth0 will be brought up during board power on. After that, you are able to access raspberry board with it's IP or hostname "bithollow.local", the same as WiFi access.
